Add FAQ to the FIPS proxy page (#18378)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/guide/agent-fips-proxy.md

If you're still unsure about your issue, you may reach out to the [Datadog support][6].

## FAQ

> **1. Does the Datadog Agent and the Datadog FIPS proxy have to be on same host?**
> 
> Yes, the FIPS compliance is not retained if the Datadog FIPS proxy and the Datadog Agent are not on the same host.
> The same applies if the `fips.enabled` option in not set to `true` in `datadog.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**1. Do the Datadog Agent and the Datadog Agent FIPS Proxy have to be on same host?**

Yes, FIPS compliance is not retained if the Datadog Agent FIPS Proxy and the Datadog Agent are not on the same host.
Similarly, FIPS compliance is not retained if the `fips.enabled` option is not set to `true` in `datadog.yaml`.
```

**2. Are customers responsible for hardening their host?**

> Yes, **Host security and hardening are customer responsibilities.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Yes, host security and hardening are customer responsibilities.
```
The bold here might make this section a little hard to parse for the reader, and it's a one sentence answer, so I don't think we need the added stress here.

> **3. Are the FIPS proxy images hardened?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**3. Are the Datadog Agent FIPS Proxy images hardened?**
```

> No, FIPS proxy docker images are not hardened.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, FIPS proxy Docker images are not hardened.
```

Reviewer 2: I'd maybe reword this slightly to:
```
While the images provided are constructed with security in mind, they have not been evaluated against CIS benchmark recommendations or DISA STIG standards.
```

**4. Is the FIPS proxy supported on every platform?**

> No, the FIPS proxy is only avaivable for Linux x86_64. See the [Supported platforms and limitations] section for more details.

Reviewer: I don't think we need this question. It's clearly covered above.

> **5. Are all incoming and outgoing agent communications FIPS supported?** 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**5. Are all incoming and outgoing Agent communications FIPS supported?** 
```

> No, only the communications between the Datadog Agent and the Datadog FIPS proxy support FIPS, if they are on the same host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No, only the communications between the Datadog Agent and the Datadog Agent FIPS Proxy support FIPS, and only if the Agent and the proxy are on the same host.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Datadog FIPS proxy only secures communication originating from the Agent targeting the Datadog intake API endpoints. This means that other forms of communication terminating at the Agent or originating from the Agent are not covered by this solution.
```

> **6. Are all communications between the Cluster Agent and Node Agents FIPS supported?**

Reviewer 2: A few more questions to maybe add:
- `Is FIPS compliance retained if we rebuild or reconfigure the FIPS proxy to fit our deployment or testing needs?`
- `My Agent is sending data fine without following a step in the installation documents. Is this ok?`
- `Are Agent release versions tied to FIPS proxy release versions?

> No, only the communications between the Cluster Agent and the Datadog FIPS proxy support FIPS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Datadog FIPS proxy only secures communication originating from the Cluster Agent targeting the Datadog intake API endpoints. This means that other forms of communication terminating at the Cluster Agent or originating from the Cluster Agent are not covered by this solution.
```

If you're still unsure about your issue, you may reach out to the [Datadog support][6].

## FAQ

> **1. Do the Datadog Agent and the Datadog Agent FIPS Proxy have to be on same host?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**1. Do the Datadog Agent and the Datadog Agent FIPS Proxy have to be on the same host?**
```

Yes, FIPS compliance is not retained if the Datadog Agent FIPS Proxy and the Datadog Agent are not on the same host.
Similarly, FIPS compliance is not retained if the `fips.enabled` option is not set to `true` in `datadog.yaml`.

**2. Are customers responsible for hardening their host?**

Yes, host security and hardening are customer responsibilities.

**3. Are the Datadog Agent FIPS Proxy images hardened?**

While the images provided are constructed with security in mind, they have not been evaluated against CIS benchmark recommendations or DISA STIG standards.

**4. Are all incoming and outgoing Agent communications FIPS supported?**

Datadog FIPS proxy only secures communication originating from the Agent targeting the Datadog intake API endpoints. This means that other forms of communication terminating at the Agent or originating from the Agent are not covered by this solution.

**5. Are all communications between the Cluster Agent and Node Agents FIPS supported?**

> Datadog FIPS proxy only secures communication originating from the Cluster Agent targeting the Datadog intake API endpoints. This means that other forms of communication terminating at the Cluster Agent or originating from the Cluster Agent are not covered by this solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datadog Agent FIPS proxy only secures communication originating from the Cluster Agent targeting the Datadog intake API endpoints. This means that other forms of communication terminating at the Cluster Agent or originating from the Cluster Agent are not covered by this solution.
```

> **6. Is FIPS compliance retained if we rebuild or reconfigure the Datadog FIPS proxy to fit our deployment or testing needs?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**6. Is FIPS compliance retained if we rebuild or reconfigure the Datadog FIPS Proxy to fit our deployment or testing needs?**
```

> Even though rebuilding, reconfiguring or modifiying the Datadog FIPS proxy might be a technically working setup, Datadog cannot guarantee FIPS compliance if the Datadog FIPS proxy is not used exactly as explained in the documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Even though rebuilding, reconfiguring or modifiying the Datadog Agent FIPS Proxy might be a technically working setup, Datadog cannot guarantee FIPS compliance if the Datadog Agent FIPS Proxy is not used exactly as explained in the documentation.
```

> Even though rebuilding, reconfiguring or modifying the Datadog Agent FIPS Proxy might be a technically working setup, Datadog cannot guarantee FIPS compliance if the Datadog Agent FIPS Proxy is not used exactly as explained in the documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Even though rebuilding, reconfiguring, or modifying the Datadog Agent FIPS Proxy might be a technically working setup, Datadog cannot guarantee FIPS compliance if the Datadog Agent FIPS Proxy is not used exactly as explained in the documentation.
```

**7. My Datadog Agent is correctly sending data even though I didn't follow all of the installation steps listed above. Is my setup FIPS compliant?**

> Datadog cannot guarantee FIPS compliance if the Datadog Agent FIPS Proxy is not used exactly as explained in the documentation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Datadog cannot guarantee FIPS compliance if the Datadog Agent FIPS Proxy is not used exactly as documented.
```

This notably implies having your Datadog Agent configured to communicate to the FIPS proxy by setting the `fips.enabled` option, as well as having a running Datadog FIPS proxy.

> **8. Are Datadog Agent release versions tied to Datadog FIPS proxy release versions?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**8. Are Datadog Agent release versions tied to Datadog Agent FIPS Proxy release versions?**
```

> Datadog FIPS proxy releases are decoupled from Datadog Agent releases. Make sure to use the latest Datadog Agent and Datadog FIPS proxy versions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Datadog Agent FIPS Proxy releases are decoupled from Datadog Agent releases. Make sure to use the latest Datadog Agent and Datadog Agent FIPS Proxy versions.
```

> to have all the available products supported by the Datadog Agent and the Datadog FIPS proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to have all the available products supported by the Datadog Agent and the Datadog Agent FIPS Proxy.
```
